# Text Based RPG
 Authors: [Stanton Zeng](https://github.com/Lionblaze218), [Jacob Yee](https://github.com/yeetfarm), [Cruz Ramirez](https://github.com/Qrooz)
 
## Project Description
We decided a text-based RPG is interesting to us because it sounds like it would be the most fun to implement, as well as being a great choice for applying design patterns as right off the bat we could visualize what patterns could be applicable. We will be using C++, CMake(googletest), valgrind, libraries, github, our computers, and discord to communicate with each other.

Inputs would include: the user choosing the character they want to play as, which option to select at various steps of the game (e.g. attack, run, access inventory, use a heal item, etc.)

Outputs would include: Feedback to the user on character health remaining, what attack was used, what action is/was being done, confirmation or summary of what action/character the user chose

We plan on using the design patterns of Strategy and State. We picked Strategy as one of our major design patterns as the text-based RPG will be acting very dynamic considering it is based off of the player’s choices. This works well since most of the characters will be using algorithms that differ only a bit. Choosing the algorithms we need during runtime from a pool of similar algorithms is essential for the game's operating speed and efficiency. Our code has to be flexible, but due to the nature of RPG's, we can reuse and change a lot of our code. For that reason Strategy would be a good choice of a design pattern to help organize our code in an systematic way. State pattern also seems like it would be useful for the project, if applied to the character classes of the user’s character. An example of state pattern use could be something like  if the character’s health gets lowered, then the class can change its behavior such as allowing the character to do more or less damage or open up new ability options for the user. Some problems that we might encounter would be the organization of abilities of the user character and when they would be activated. A state design pattern could be used to neatly organize when the program would have to operate differently under different circumstances. 
